[Wrangler] Rollbacks & Views (#7492)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

$ wrangler whoami
```

---

## deployments

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> Deployments are currently in Public Beta and subcommands are currently in Beta. Please report Deployments bugs to the [Wrangler team](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployments are currently in Public Beta and subcommands are currently in Beta. Report deployments bugs to the [Wrangler team](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2/issues/new/choose).
```

{{</Aside>}}

> You can read more about deployments and how they work [here](/workers/platform/deployments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about deployments and how they work, refer to [Deployments](/workers/platform/deployments).
```

{{</definitions>}}

> ### view <deployment-id>

Reviewer 2: this anchor appears to resolve to `/#view-deployment-id` -- is that intentional?

Author: I dont understand?

Reviewer 2: i just meant the url will resolve to https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/commands/#view-deployment-id instead of e.g. https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/commands/#view and didn't know if that was intentional

Author: Yes, the <deployment-id> is part of the sub header.

> Retrieve details for the 10 most recent deployments. Details include Deployment ID, Author, Source, Created on, and indicates which deployment is Active.

Reviewer 2: i think this may be a copy/paste issue -- i believe the view command only shows details for the specified deployment

Reviewer 2: doesn't the view command only show detail for one deployment? that is, the description you added says it retrieves details for 10 deployments, but i believe this command only shows the details for a single one, as in the example you provided:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107272160/218797547-8c618a96-88fe-498b-b9fc-88a96636aaed.png)

Author: Yes, that is incorrect. It should just be "for the most recent deployment"

```sh

> wrangler deployments view y565f193-a6b9-4c7f-91ae-4b4e6d98ftbf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ wrangler deployments view <DEPLOYMENT_ID>
```

Author: I am fine with this, however I have also previously been told to use more realistic examples.

```

Output:
```javascript
{
  Tag: '',
  Number: 0,
  'Metadata.author_id': 'Picard-Gamma-6-1-7-2',
  'Metadata.author_email': 'someone@email.com',
  'Metadata.source': 'wrangler',
  'Metadata.created_on': '2021-01-01T00:00:00.000000Z',
  'Metadata.modified_on': '2021-01-01T00:00:00.000000Z',
  'resources.script': {
    etag: 'mock-e-tag',
    handlers: [ 'fetch' ],
    last_deployed_from: 'wrangler'
  },
  'resources.bindings': []
}
export default {
  async fetch(request) {
    return new Response('Hello World from Deployment 1701-E');
  },
};
```

> ### rollback <deployment-id>

Reviewer 2: similar to above, this anchor resolves to `/#rollback-deployment-id`. to be consistent with other anchors, we probably want as just `/#rollback`

Author: Not sure what you mean, as above.

{{</definitions>}}

### view <deployment-id>

> Retrieve details for the specified deployment. Details include Deployment ID, Author, Source, Created on, and bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve details for the specified deployment. Details include `Deployment ID`, `Author`, `Source`, `Created on`, and bindings.
```

```

Output:
```javascript
Deployment ID: 07d7143d-0284-427e-ba22-2d5e6e91b479
Created on:    2023-03-02T21:05:15.622446Z
Author:        example@cloudflare.com
Source:        Upload from Wrangler 🤠
------------------------------------------------------------
Author ID:          e5a3ca86e08fb0940d3a05691310bb42
Usage Model:        bundled
Handlers:           fetch
Compatibility Date: 2022-10-03
--------------------------bindings--------------------------
[[r2_buckets]]
binding = "MY_BUCKET"
bucket_name = "testr2"

[[kv_namespaces]]
id = "79300c6d17eb4180a07270f450efe53f"
binding = "MY_KV"

---------------------------script---------------------------

// index.js
var worker_default = {
  fetch(request) {
    const base = "https://example.com";
    const statusCode = 301;
    const destination = new URL(request.url, base);
    return Response.redirect(destination.toString(), statusCode);
  }
};
export {
  worker_default as default
};
//# sourceMappingURL=index.js.map
```

{{<definitions>}}

- `--content` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}
  - View script content for specified deployment.

{{</definitions>}}

### rollback [deployment-id]

> Rollback to a specific deployment by ID. If an ID is not speicified, wrangler will rollback to the previous deployment. There are limitations on what deployments you can rollback to. Refer to [Rollbacks in the Deployments documentation](/workers/platform/deployments#rollbacks) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rollback to a specific deployment by ID. If an ID is not speicified, Wrangler will rollback to the previous deployment. There are limitations on what deployments you can rollback to. Refer to [Rollbacks in the Deployments documentation](/workers/platform/deployments#rollbacks) for more information.
```

Output:
```javascript
Deployment ID: 07d7143d-0284-427e-ba22-2d5e6e91b479
Created on:    2023-03-02T21:05:15.622446Z
Author:        example@cloudflare.com
Source:        Upload from Wrangler 🤠
------------------------------------------------------------
Author ID:          e5a3ca86e08fb0940d3a05691310bb42
Usage Model:        bundled
Handlers:           fetch
Compatibility Date: 2022-10-03
--------------------------bindings--------------------------
[[r2_buckets]]
binding = "MY_BUCKET"
bucket_name = "testr2"

[[kv_namespaces]]
id = "79300c6d17eb4180a07270f450efe53f"
binding = "MY_KV"

---------------------------script---------------------------

// index.js
var worker_default = {
  fetch(request) {
    const base = "https://example.com";
    const statusCode = 301;
    const destination = new URL(request.url, base);
    return Response.redirect(destination.toString(), statusCode);
  }
};
export {
  worker_default as default
};
//# sourceMappingURL=index.js.map
```

### rollback [deployment-id]

> Rollback to a specific deployment by ID. If an ID is not speicified, wrangler will rollback to the previous deployment. There are limitations on what deployments you can rollback to which you can read about [here](/workers/platform/deployments#rollbacks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rollback to a specific deployment by ID. If an ID is not speicified, wrangler will rollback to the previous deployment. There are limitations on what deployments you can rollback to. Refer to [Rollbacks in the Deployments documentation](/workers/platform/deployments#rollbacks) for more information.
```
